Can the boss lend me an electronic organ?
Why is it you again?
How many times do I have to tell you?
My piano is only for sale
My dream since I was a child was to be a famous singer
I was really desperate.
Otherwise I wouldn't have opened this mouth
Little girl, how much is your dream worth?
Can you pay for the water and electricity rent in my store?
Boss, I am
The first place result was admitted to Qingya College
The prize money for the Haicheng Competition is 1 million
As long as I win
I'll give you 10,000 bonus
Are you serious?
We can stand up
Okay, but let's talk about ugly things ahead.
My money is not cheap
If it is damaged, you have to ask the original price for compensation.
Hmm, no problem.
Thank you boss
Saint Saint is coming to your birthday again
Where the hell are you after 13 years?
This melody